the president had his little thumbs
going this weekend Trump has been
ranting and raving on Twitter about
drone attack on a Saudi Arabian oil
facility that is suspected to be the
work of Iran so yesterday as he was
ruminating on this he tweeted this
plenty of oil which is either about the
Middle East or his sons hair we don't
know he also lashed out at reports that
said he'd be willing to meet with the
Iranians without preconditions and
tweeted the fake news is saying that I
am willing to meet with Iran no
conditions that is an incorrect
statement as usual and that one is a
head scratcher because where would the
fake news get an idea like that now the
president has made clear he's happy to
take a meeting with no preconditions the
president's made clear he's prepared to
meet with no preconditions
do you have preconditions for that
meeting no preconditions no they want to
meet only any time they want no
preconditions if they want to meet I'll
make three minutes three years not as
far as I'm concerned no preconditions
precondition earth by matrix dialogues
for that toxic orange glow yes I make
money out of everyday
one mess already and on the other side
of the world the president's buddy kim
jeong-hoon reportedly sent him a letter
last month inviting him to North Korea
or as it will soon be called fara lago
this is what is with these guys in these
summits that lead to nothing Trump
visits kim jeong-hoon
so much he might as well start leaving a
toothbrush at his house that's but to
Trump's opponents Joe Biden and Bernie
Sanders have announced that they are
well they would like to be president and
they're planning to release their
medical histories before the Democratic
primaries which is not a surprise
because of course they're gonna release
their medical histories have you ever
met a man in the 70s who didn't want to
tell you in great detail about his
medical history
my dad has someone cornered and is doing
it right now Joe Biden Bernie Sanders I
was thinking about this there are the
old guys who have the fully nude
conversations in the locker room with
the leg up on the thing you know Bernie
had canceled three campaign events on
Saturday because he had a hoarse voice
which is confusing because that's kind
of the hoarse voice is it kind of his
trademark this is like Adele canceling a
concert because she's sad
Sanders is 78 and Biden is 76 these are
old men and in the end it's probably
gonna come down to which candidate
voters would rather sit down and have an
insurer with hey congratulations are in
order for a group of scientists MIT who
developed was believed to be the
blackest color ever this is it that's
black they unveiled it at an art
exhibition in New York it captures over
99.99% of light which means it's the
blackest color ever and they know it's
the blackest color ever because when
they were transporting it to the Art
Show it was pulled over 14 times
this sort of thing it's a major
accomplishment in the pigment community
I guess and I I think we all remember 60
years ago the day when researchers in
Indiana famously created the whitest
white of all time don't stare directly
at it you will go blind he is a
fascinating individual Mike Pence was
out at the House Republicans annual
retreat in Baltimore this weekend where
he weighed in on the debate the
Democrats had specifically the part
where Joe Biden referred to himself as
vice president and by the way I heard I
heard my predecessor said that he was
answered a question about his years in
the White House and he said I'm the vice
president of the United States so let me
be clear I am the vice president of the
United States
[Applause]
now if you'll excuse me the president's
ass isn't gonna kiss itself I'd have to
go pence even managed to rustle up an
animal story a humorous tale about his
encounter with a triple crown winning
horse so we went over to this very fancy
Kentucky farm
everything really manicured really nice
and they walked out this huge horse
American Pharoah and there were a bunch
of cameras a bunch of media around I've
got a horse guy and Andy and I were
standing there posing for all the
cameras and American Pharoah bit me so
hard on the arm I almost collapsed
I just gritted my teeth and smiled
because you know what in our line of
work you're gonna get bit sometimes but
you keep fighting forward and we did you
know that was almost the cute story it
was almost like human and then it turned
you know spider-man got bit by a spider
now he could climb the wall and she I
wonder if Mike Pence now has the powers
of a horse all he eats now is hay and
his assistant follows him with a shovel
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you want to see
all our latest videos click the
subscribe button and if you don't click
anyway and close your eyes when they
come on